Add backup_config attribute to cockroach_cluster resource (#242)
cockroachdb/terraform-provider-cockroach: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

### Added

> - management of cluster backup settings is now supported using the
>   `backup_config` attribute on the `cockroach_cluster` resource.  See
>   [Cluster Backups](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/managed-backups)
>   for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Management of cluster backup settings is now supported using the
  `backup_config` attribute on the `cockroach_cluster` resource.  For more information, refer to
  [Cluster Backups](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/managed-backups).
```
